feat(serde): kafka format (#3065)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/faq.rst

-  JSON
-  Avro message values are supported. Avro keys are not yet supported. Requires |sr| and ``ksql.schema.registry.url`` in the
   KSQL server configuration file. For more information, see :ref:`install_ksql-avro-schema`.

> -  KAFKA (e.g. a ``BIGINT`` that's serialized using Kafka's standard `LongSerializer`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  KAFKA (for example, a ``BIGINT`` that's serialized using Kafka's standard ``LongSerializer``).
```
